Maze layout regression review
Baseline: 15eab8c

Demonstrated causes fixed
- Spectating used display:none for touch controls and pilot loadouts, removing
  reserved space. The P1 spectator banner could also add a separate P2 HUD row.
- P2 spectating changed the cockpit from two-pilot to one-pilot geometry.
- Narrow layouts used 64px for one cockpit and 97px for two stacked cockpits;
  adding/removing P2 changed the space remaining for the canvas.
- resize() removed a 252px touch-landscape control margin for spectators.
- Obsolete many-sides header height rules changed arena space at five sides,
  although the current score strip already keeps all eight scores on one line.
- Opening a keyboard could make visualViewport shorter than the phone width,
  falsely activating the landscape control layout without rotating the phone.

Baseline reproduction
Ran the current regression files against baseline game.js/style.css using
LEQRA_LAYOUT_SOURCE and LEQRA_LAYOUT_CSS. Nine checks ran: three existing checks
passed and all six added checks failed. Failures included a changed transform
for the 844x590 Ultra Wide spectator case, keyboard-induced orientation change,
collapsing role CSS, many-sides header growth, a visible local Spectators header
button, and loss of the two-pilot HUD class when P2 began spectating.

Verification after the fix
Command:
node --test tests/layout443.test.cjs tests/online_layout435.test.cjs \
  tests/hud432.test.cjs tests/layout434.test.cjs tests/p2remove437.test.cjs \
  tests/share436.test.cjs tests/mode428.test.cjs tests/settings436.test.cjs \
  tests/room_lifecycle438.test.cjs

Result: 59 tests passed, zero failed.
node --check web/game.js and git diff --check also passed.

Coverage and scope
- Real resize() calculations: six configured maps, desktop 1440x900, portrait
  390x844, landscape 844x390, and near-square landscape 844x590 fixtures; switching
  pilot -> spectator -> pilot must preserve scale, offsets and canvas CSS size.
  Bounds in this test are fixed fixtures, not browser-computed CSS dimensions.
- Real setLayout(): keyboard-height changes in portrait and landscape keep the
  orientation and transform unchanged when the layout viewport is unchanged.
- Real updateHUD(): local and online sources, P1 active/spectating, P2 active then
  spectating, through menu, online lobby, countdown, play, pause, round hold and
  match-over; existing tests also cover P2 removal and empty lobby snapshots.
- Real syncSpectators()/syncSpectatingHUD(): local, pending publication, accepted
  online room, disconnected retained room, and local return; header visibility
  changes without removing local lobby/pause/JOIN PLAY actions.
- CSS source invariants retain hidden cockpit cells and portrait touch space,
  reserve the existing maximum narrow cockpit height, put the banner in P1's
  grid cell outside normal flow, and remove side-count header-height changes.
- Existing transition regressions exercise actual mode selection/rules changes,
  map-only maze regeneration, publish handshake/failure, generation-zero preview
  retention, unshare/disconnect lifecycle, HUD status updates and deferred canvas
  allocation including WebKit one-pixel resize suppression.

Limitations
This is source, simulation and stub-DOM validation. It is not computed browser
layout testing and does not establish that every possible resizing bug is gone.
The cloud browser rejected the local page under its security policy; no alternate
browser surface or screenshot route was used. Native desktop/mobile geometry,
keyboard behavior and appearance still require a browser/device retest. Real
viewport/orientation changes and selecting a different maze size intentionally
continue to refit the maze.
